Query log extraction for Postgres crawler (#970)
MetaphorData/connectors: metaphor/postgresql/README.md

port: <port_number>
```

### Query Log Extraction Configurations

> The connector support extract query log history from CloudWatch for RDS postgres. Please follow the [documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/USER_LogAccess.Concepts.PostgreSQL.Query_Logging.html) to configure RDS to log SQL statement to CloudWatch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The connector supports extracting query log history from CloudWatch for RDS PostgreSQL. Please follow [this documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/AuroraUserGuide/USER_LogAccess.Concepts.PostgreSQL.Query_Logging.html) to configure RDS to log SQL statements to CloudWatch.
```

```yaml
query_log:
  aws:
    access_key_id: <aws_access_key_id>
    secret_access_key: <aws_secret_access_key>
    region_name: <aws_region_name>
    assume_role_arn: <aws_role_arn>  # If using IAM role
    session_token: <aws_session_token>  # If using session token

>     profile_name: <aws_profile_name>  # If using AWS profile

Reviewer: I think we drop `session_token` & `profile_name`. While the SDK takes those parameters, setting them in crawlers is rather uncommon, especially for fully managed ones.
